DRIVERS-2191 Remove use of example.com in Client Side Encryption prose tests (#1136)
mongodb/specifications: source/client-side-encryption/tests/README.rst

        "location": "global",
        "keyRing": "key-ring-csfle",
        "keyName": "key-name-csfle",
        "endpoint": "doesnotexist.invalid:443"
      }

>    Expect this to fail with an exception with a message containing the string: "Invalid KMS response".

Reviewer: Does this line not need to be updated as with others?

```suggestion
   Expect this to fail with a network exception indicating failure to resolve "doesnotexist.invalid".
```
